1. Does S3 provide read-after-write consistency?
A. No, not for any region
B. Yes, but only for certain regions
C. Yes, but only for certain regions and for new objects
D. Yes, for all regions.

Ans: C

2. What is the maximum size of a single S3 object?
A. There is no such limit
B. 5 TB
C. 5 GB
D. 100 GB

Ans: B

3. Is data stored in S3 is always encrypted?
A. Yes, S3 always encrypts data for security
B. No, there is no such feature
C. Yes, but only when right APIs are called
D. Yes, but only in Gov Cloud datacenters

Ans: C

4. What is true for S3 buckets (select multiple if more than one is true)?
A. Bucket namespace is shared and is global among all AWS users.
B. Bucket names can contain alpha numeric characters
C. Bucket are associated with a region, and all data in a bucket resides in that region
D. Buckets can be transferred from one account to another through API

Ans: A,B,C

5. EBS can always tolerate an Availability Zone failure?
A. No, all EBS volume is stored in a single Availability Zone
B. Yes, EBS volume has multiple copies so it should be fine
C. Depends on how it is setup
D. Depends on the Region where EBS volume is initiated

Ans: A

6. Which of the following Auto scaling CANNOT do (select multiple if more than one is true)?
A. Start up EC2 instances when CPU utilization is above threshold
B. Release EC2 instances when CPU utilization is below threshold
C. Increase the instance size when utilization is above threshold
D. Add more Relational Database Service (RDS) read replicas when utilization is above threshold

Ans: C , D

7. Which of the following benefits does adding Multi-AZ deployment in RDS provide (choose multiple if more than one is true)?
A. MultiAZ deployed database can tolerate an Availability Zone failure
B. Decrease latencies if app servers accessing database are in multiple Availability zones
C. Make database access times faster for all app servers
D. Make database more available during maintenance tasks

Ans: A,D
 
8. What happens to data when an EC2 instance terminates (select multiple if more than one is true)?
A. For EBS backed AMI, the EBS volume with operation system on it is preserved
B. For EBS backed AMI, any volume attached other than the OS volume is preserved
C. All the snapshots of the EBS volume with operating system is preserved
D. For S3 backed AMI, all the data in the local (ephemeral) hard drive is deleted

Ans: B, C ,D

9.For an EC2 instance launched in a private subnet in VPC, which of the following are the options for it to be able to connect to the internet (assume security groups have proper ports open).
A. Simply attach an elastic IP
B. If there is also a public subnet in the same VPC, an ENI can be attached to the instance with the ip address range of the public subnet
C. If there is a public subnet in the same VPC with a NAT instance attached to internet gateway, then a route can be configured from the instance to the NAT
D. There is no way for an instance in private subnet to talk to the internet

Ans: C

10. When an ELB is setup, what is the best way to route a website’s traffic to it?
A. Resolve the ELB name to an ip address  and point the website to that ip address
B. There is no direct way to do so, Route53 has to be used
C. Generate a CNAME record for the website pointing to the DNS name of the ELB

Ans: C